README.md, before:

# zap-scan-api-action
This is a GitHub Action meant to be used as a [composite action](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/creating-a-composite-action) within an existing workflow. This action encapsulates setting up a checkout and zap scan in one step. 

The action encapsulates the following other actions:

- [actions/checkout](https://github.com/actions/checkout)
- [zaproxy/action-api-scan](https://github.com/zaproxy/action-api-scan)


## Inputs

### `target`

**Required** target API definition, OpenAPI or SOAP, local file or URL, e.g. https://www.example.com/openapi.json
or target endpoint URL, GraphQL, e.g. https://www.example.com/graphql

### `rules_file_name`

**Required** You can also specify a relative path to the rules file to ignore any alerts from the ZAP scan. Make sure to create
the rules file inside the relevant repository. The following shows a sample rules file configuration.
Make sure to checkout the repository (actions/checkout@v2) to provide the ZAP rules to the scan action.

```tsv
10011	IGNORE	(Cookie Without Secure Flag)
10015	IGNORE	(Incomplete or No Cache-control and Pragma HTTP Header Set)
```

### `issue_title`

**Required** The title for the GitHub issue to be created.


### `fail_action`

**Required** By default ZAP Docker container will fail with an [exit code](https://github.com/zaproxy/zaproxy/blob/7abbd57f6894c2abf4f1ed00fb95e99c34ef2e28/docker/zap-api-scan.py#L35),
if it identifies any alerts. Set this option to `true` if you want to fail the status of the GitHub Scan if ZAP identifies any alerts during the scan.


## Usage
You can use this composite Action in your own workflow by adding:

```yml
build-dependabot:
    name: Build (dependabot)
    if: ${{ github.actor != 'dependabot[bot]' }}
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout, Build and Restore
        uses: awazevr/oneconnect-build-and-restore@v1.0.4
        with:
          ghp-username: ${{ secrets.GHP_USERNAME }}
          ghp-password: ${{ secrets.GHP_PASSWORD }}
          solution-name: "OneConnect.PricingSync.sln"
          dotnet-version: "6.0.x"

  build:
    name: Build
    if: ${{ github.actor != 'dependabot[bot]' }}
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    permissions:
      actions: write
      checks: write
      contents: write
      deployments: write
      id-token: write
      issues: write
      discussions: write
      packages: write
      pages: write
      pull-requests: write
      repository-projects: write
      security-events: write
      statuses: write
    steps:

      - name: Checkout, Build and Restore
        uses: awazevr/oneconnect-build-and-restore@v1.0.4
        with:
          ghp-username: ${{ secrets.GHP_USERNAME }}
          ghp-password: ${{ secrets.GHP_PASSWORD }}
          solution-name: "OneConnect.PricingSync.sln"
          dotnet-version: "6.0.x"
          sonarcloud-project-id: "awazevr_ocint-pricing-sync-services"
          sonarcloud-token: ${{ secrets.SONAR_TOKEN }}
          initialise-sonar-cloud: true
          github-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

```

Commit message:

fix: Made initialise-sonar-cloud a required pameter and updated readme

README.md, after:

# oneconnect-build-and-restore-action
This is a GitHub Action meant to be used as a composite action within an existing workflow. This action encapsulates setting up a checkout, build, test and push a docker image to an Elastic Container Register (ECR) in one step.

The action encapsulates the following other actions:

The action encapsulates the following other actions:

- actions/checkout
- actions/setup-dotnet
- dorny/test-reporter


## Inputs

### `ghp-username`

**Required** Github user name to restore nuget package

### `ghp-password`

**Required** Github access token to restore nuget package

### `solution-name`

**Required** Solution name to build

### `dotnet-version`

**Required** Dotnet version to use

### `initialise-sonar-cloud`

**Required** Falg to set if Sonarcloud analysis needs to be performed or not

### `sonarcloud-project-id`

**Optional** Sonarcloud project id

### `sonarcloud-token`

**Optional** Sonar token

### `github-token`

**Optional** Github token


## Usage
You can use this composite Action in your own workflow by adding:

```yml
build-dependabot:
    name: Build (dependabot)
    if: ${{ github.actor != 'dependabot[bot]' }}
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout, Build and Restore
        uses: awazevr/oneconnect-build-and-restore@v1.0.4
        with:
          ghp-username: ${{ secrets.GHP_USERNAME }}
          ghp-password: ${{ secrets.GHP_PASSWORD }}
          solution-name: "OneConnect.PricingSync.sln"
          dotnet-version: "6.0.x"
          initialise-sonar-cloud: false

  build:
    name: Build
    if: ${{ github.actor != 'dependabot[bot]' }}
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    permissions:
      actions: write
      checks: write
      contents: write
      deployments: write
      id-token: write
      issues: write
      discussions: write
      packages: write
      pages: write
      pull-requests: write
      repository-projects: write
      security-events: write
      statuses: write
    steps:

      - name: Checkout, Build and Restore
        uses: awazevr/oneconnect-build-and-restore@v1.0.4
        with:
          ghp-username: ${{ secrets.GHP_USERNAME }}
          ghp-password: ${{ secrets.GHP_PASSWORD }}
          solution-name: "OneConnect.PricingSync.sln"
          dotnet-version: "6.0.x"
          sonarcloud-project-id: "awazevr_ocint-pricing-sync-services"
          sonarcloud-token: ${{ secrets.SONAR_TOKEN }}
          initialise-sonar-cloud: true
          github-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

```
